README.md, before:

[![CLA assistant](https://cla-assistant.io/readme/badge/appscode/libbuild)](https://cla-assistant.io/appscode/libbuild)

[Website](https://appscode.com) • [Slack](https://slack.appscode.com) • [Forum](https://discuss.appscode.com) • [Twitter](https://twitter.com/AppsCodeHQ)

Common build scripts used by AppsCode repositories.

## Installing
Use `libbuild` as a git subtree in your project.

## Usage
### Using as git subtree with shell scripts

```sh
# add first time
git subtree add --prefix hack/libbuild https://github.com/appscode/libbuild.git master --squash

# update later
git subtree pull --prefix hack/libbuild https://github.com/appscode/libbuild.git master --squash
```

To learn about `git subtree`, check the following articles:
 * http://blogs.atlassian.com/2013/05/alternatives-to-git-submodule-git-subtree/
 * https://developer.atlassian.com/blog/2015/05/the-power-of-git-subtree/

### Using from python scripts
We recommend using https://github.com/ellisonbg/antipackage to import libbuild.py . First install `antipackage` using pip:

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/ellisonbg/antipackage.git#egg=antipackage
```

Now, add the following lines into a build script to import libuild.py.
```python
# http://stackoverflow.com/a/14050282
def check_antipackage():
    from sys import version_info
    sys_version = version_info[:2]
    found = True
    if sys_version < (3, 0):
        # 'python 2'
        from pkgutil import find_loader
        found = find_loader('antipackage') is not None
    elif sys_version <= (3, 3):
        # 'python <= 3.3'
        from importlib import find_loader
        found = find_loader('antipackage') is not None
    else:
        # 'python >= 3.4'
        from importlib import util
        found = util.find_spec('antipackage') is not None
    if not found:
        print('Install missing package "antipackage"')
        print('Example: pip install git+https://github.com/ellisonbg/antipackage.git#egg=antipackage')
        from sys import exit
        exit(1)
check_antipackage()

# ref: https://github.com/ellisonbg/antipackage
import antipackage
from github.appscode.libbuild import libbuild
```

## Acknowledgement
- `pydotenv` is a fork of [python-dotenv](https://github.com/theskumar/python-dotenv). This provides support of [antipackage](https://github.com/ellisonbg/antipackage)
for python-dotenv.

## License
`libbuild` is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. See the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Squashed 'hack/libbuild/' changes from 2bd987d..5e13446
5e13446 shfmt -l -w -ci -i 2 *.sh
499a1ab Add kubeware script
8e0811f Add kubevault script
f1cf7f2 Rename kiteci to kubeci
0e54dac Use go 1.9 compiler since tar package breaks static build
7117c1b Add soter image
a1aad73 Update README.md
eb75489 Mount /.cache folder to /tmp
dcf8ff3 Don't use upx with Windows binaries
f1197df Update README.md
6e94151 Use Golang 1.10.0-alpine

git-subtree-dir: hack/libbuild
git-subtree-split: 5e13446ab1012269f7c3ba914dbf93a399db41ed

README.md, after:

Common build scripts used by AppsCode repositories.

## Installing
Use `libbuild` as a git subtree in your project.

## Usage
### Using as git subtree with shell scripts

```sh
# add first time
git subtree add --prefix hack/libbuild https://github.com/appscode/libbuild.git master --squash

# update later
git subtree pull --prefix hack/libbuild https://github.com/appscode/libbuild.git master --squash
```

To learn about `git subtree`, check the following articles:
 * http://blogs.atlassian.com/2013/05/alternatives-to-git-submodule-git-subtree/
 * https://developer.atlassian.com/blog/2015/05/the-power-of-git-subtree/

### Using from python scripts
We recommend using https://github.com/ellisonbg/antipackage to import libbuild.py . First install `antipackage` using pip:

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/ellisonbg/antipackage.git#egg=antipackage
```

Now, add the following lines into a build script to import libuild.py.
```python
# http://stackoverflow.com/a/14050282
def check_antipackage():
    from sys import version_info
    sys_version = version_info[:2]
    found = True
    if sys_version < (3, 0):
        # 'python 2'
        from pkgutil import find_loader
        found = find_loader('antipackage') is not None
    elif sys_version <= (3, 3):
        # 'python <= 3.3'
        from importlib import find_loader
        found = find_loader('antipackage') is not None
    else:
        # 'python >= 3.4'
        from importlib import util
        found = util.find_spec('antipackage') is not None
    if not found:
        print('Install missing package "antipackage"')
        print('Example: pip install git+https://github.com/ellisonbg/antipackage.git#egg=antipackage')
        from sys import exit
        exit(1)
check_antipackage()

# ref: https://github.com/ellisonbg/antipackage
import antipackage
from github.appscode.libbuild import libbuild
```

## Prerequisites
We use [upx](https://upx.github.io/) to compress Go binaries. You need to install upx 3.92 or later to produce [valid Max OSX binaries](https://github.com/upx/upx/issues/4). Ubuntu 16.04 will install upx 3.91. So, [download and install](https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/upx-ucl) upx deb files from [here](https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/upx-ucl/3.94-4/+build/14175315).

## Acknowledgement
- `pydotenv` is a fork of [python-dotenv](https://github.com/theskumar/python-dotenv). This provides support of [antipackage](https://github.com/ellisonbg/antipackage)
for python-dotenv.

## License
`libbuild` is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. See the LICENSE file for details.
